- Take care, son!
- Always, Mom.
Baby! Your lunch!
- Thank you.
- You got it. Good morning.
- Good morning!
- Good night.
Dirty woman!
It hasn't changed.
Doggie, say Merry Christmas!
Heck! You don't speak!
Mr. Sanchez, my house is your house.
No, love. My father's house
is definitely his house.
Oh, my God! Good morning, miss!
Dummy, your mommy!
Hey, don't be mean.
- Come in!
- Thank you!
- Very, very well!
- Beautiful.
Who cries when given free bread?
- You brought my favorites!
- Yes, of course!
Yummy!
Would you like a coffee?
I can't stay, I'm sorry.
You are shameless!
- I gotta run. Gabbie, see you soon!
- Okay, son.
Oh, come on!
This smartass!
Jeez , I told this guy to call me
And why don't you call him?
Very well.
What a beautiful surprise!
These losers...
You saw me arriving running
And so maybe I'll go
You should know the stories.
Where they always go, love,
under the tree.
This one is all raggedy and sparse!
Tell me.
Okay, let's see, baby.
Wait a second, Benito!
You are so stubborn! Come here!
Okay! Let's see. Show me your skills.
Now stretch your legs. Jeez! Wait!
- Cramp, cramp!
- You have to warm up!
- Where does it hurt?
- My butt!
- Where?
- No, my butt!
- Here? Where?
- There, there...
You are full of surprises!
How is my baby?!
Wow! My baby so skinny!
Don't worry, we are gonna enjoy
plenty of tacos, chilaquiles
and tortillas.
What's going on?
Hey, how are you, Sr. Sanchez?
What did he say?
- That's it!
- What did he say his name was?
- Leif. Mucho gusto
- What's that mean?
- Welcome, Leif!
- Thank you!
What did he say, did you hear?
Darn it!
We didn't know anything!
You kept the secret very well!
Benicio, please stop!
Bring it down a notch! He's listening!
He is like a cannellini bean,
among the black beans.
Jeez! What a temper!
Yes, I know! What an ugly name!
Have a seat. What? It's true!
He's so sweet.
- He looks like a good guy! Right?
- Yes, I know.
What about a Mexican candy?
Oh, my God!
Wow, what happened to you?!
How did you get tangled up like this?
Don't be a jerk. Don't film this.
- Talk to the camera, sis!
- Stop, Carmen.
Heal, heal, little frog's tail!
Maybe the smell helps you.
Damn! Son of a gun!
What happened?! Are you okay?!
It's nothing, baby.
- How can I help you, Mom?
- It's nothing, baby.
Calm down, everyone! I'm fine!
Hey, just...
Is it because he's white?
Hey, Dad! What's going on?
Stop.
Yes! Whatever his name is.
He is a good boy.
Look, look!
With these guys from NY!
The chiro... practicians.
Well, I didn't know.
- What?
- What do you think?
What is that?
A cactus?
Benicio, really?
They are there on Christmas Eve,
Okay. It is pretty.
No! It's pretty!
Look at the little bow! So pretty.
Yes, that one.
Hey, what's up, dude?
Damn lights!
What the hell is this?
What?
- What?
- Let's go.
Dad, my heels!
Where's he?
Party pooper.
The wetback!
What the hell is it with this chicken?
Why, what now?
Have you lost your mind?!
That's going too far.
Look...!
Look!
You stupid chicken!
He's like a duck without legs!
Dance with me!
Damn chicken!
Tita! At least pluck the chicken!
Thank you!
Are you gonna close the door?
Bye, beautiful.
- Drive safe, okay?
- Always, love.
Sounds good, big kiss.
See you later!
Honey.
A little bit of hips.
Squeeze your glutes.
Smile.
Damn!
Stupid chicken.
Die, die!
- Of course, Dad!
- Yes, brother-in-law!
Ignore him.
Hey! Behave!
- Keep going!
- Get him, Javier!
Oh, damn! That's it!
What the hell!
Long live Mexicans!
You are all dead!
To your graves, dumbasses!
Of course! I know they are fantastic!
Give me one, please.
Carmen, please bring me
some spoons and some forks.
Do you want a "tamale hug"?
- What?!
- A "tamale hug"?
- What is that?
- A hug with meat inside!
- Girls!
- Carmen!
That old bird, he is up to something.
Something.
What bird?
Did he get a concussion
from the ball or what?
Oh, my love.
Oh, my God! You look faint.
Are you pregnant? Let's see...
Wow, look at you!
Well, that's it.
You completely messed up this time,
Benicio! Completely!
Why are they leaving?
Where are you going?
Even if he was green like an alien.
What do you mean, he's gay?
And you know what?
I mean, not on purpose.
because we are a family,
that's what we do,
Including Leaf...
Okay, then let's go!
Come on, let's go! Drive!
What?
- I don't have the keys!
- You had them!
- Damn it!
- I don't have them! You always--
Baby, you always do the same!
Yes, there they are!
Oh, my God!
Holy crap!
Come on, let's go!
Carmela, no. Wait.
Please, sir. It is very important.
The family's future is in danger.
Seriously, these gringos
are so inflexible.
Please, ma'am! Show some respect.
I'm just trying to do my job.
I was talking about the other gringos.
It's all good.
- Let's go.
- Wow, you are handsome!
- Hey, where are you going?!
- Brother-in-law!
Look at him.
Did I leave the tag on?
Maybe they have their babies.
Well...
Okay, wait a second.
- Maybe later?
- Yes, maybe later.
Take a picture!